shopping_cart/README_shopping_cart.md, before:

This session involved a return to implementing an example mini-project / problem / "kata" called the Shopping Cart, focusing on correct use of TDD.
During the session I did this in pair programming with someone who used Deno, and I'm re-doing it by myself after the fact for practise purposes, as Deno looks very convenient to use for such sessions moving forward thanks to its fast setup.

I've decided to abstract away the given input patterns ("as a customer... i want to see my shopping cart") and output patterns (displaying results in a table) for the pure reason that while necessary in the real world I find these tedious for our purposes.
I will be writing tests that directly call the functions that would be called by the input parser, and which return a JSON that would be directly rendered by an output renderer.

The kata was originally hosted at https://www.codurance.com/katas/shopping-cart-kata

As this URL is not guaranteed to stay, here is a copy of the page's content, comprising the remainder of this file.

# Shopping Cart Kata

What do we want to build?

We are building a shopping cart for an online grocery shop. The idea of this kata is to build the product in an iterative way.
Technical requirements

    The price per unit is calculated based on the product cost and the percentage of revenue that the company wants for that product.
    The price has to be rounded up; so if a price per unit calculated is 1.7825, then the expected price per unit for that product is 1.79
    The final price of the product is then calculated as the price per unit with the VAT rounded up.
    Products are not allowed to have the same name.

List of products
Name Cost % Revenue Price per unit Tax Final price
Iceberg 🥬 1.55 € 15 % 1,79 € Normal (21%) 2.17 €
Tomato 🍅 0.52 € 15 % 0.60 € Normal (21%) 0.73 €
Chicken 🍗 1.34 € 12 % 1.51 € Normal (21%) 1.83 €
Bread 🍞 0.71 € 12 % 0.80 € First necessity (10%) 0.88 €
Corn 🌽 1.21 € 12 % 1.36 € First necessity (10%) 1.50 €
List of discounts
Discounts code Amount
PROMO_5 5%
PROMO_10 10%

Use cases
List the shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to see my shopping cart

Empty cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion:                                 |

---

| Total products: 0 |
| Total price: 0.00 € |

---

Add product to shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Tomato  🍅 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Chicken 🍗 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Corn 🌽 to my shopping cart
    I want to see my shopping cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| Iceberg 🥬                                 | 2.17 €         | 1        |
| Tomato 🍅                                  | 0.73 €         | 1        |
| Chicken 🍗                                 | 1.83 €         | 1        |
| Bread 🍞                                   | 0.88 €         | 1        |
| Corn 🌽                                    | 1.50 €         | 1        |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion:                                 |

---

| Total products: 5 |
| Total price: 7.11 € |

---

Add product to shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Tomato  🍅 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Chicken 🍗 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Corn 🌽 to my shopping cart
    I want to see my shopping cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| Iceberg 🥬                                 | 2.17 €         | 3        |
| Tomato 🍅                                  | 0.73 €         | 1        |
| Chicken 🍗                                 | 1.83 €         | 1        |
| Bread 🍞                                   | 0.88 €         | 2        |
| Corn 🌽                                    | 1.50 €         | 1        |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion:                                 |

---

| Total products: 8 |
| Total price: 12.33 € |

---

Apply discount to the shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Tomato  🍅 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Chicken 🍗 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Corn 🌽 to my shopping cart
    I want to apply my coupon code PROMO_5
    I want to see my shopping cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| Iceberg 🥬                                 | 2.17 €         | 3        |
| Tomato 🍅                                  | 0.73 €         | 1        |
| Chicken 🍗                                 | 1.83 €         | 1        |
| Bread 🍞                                   | 0.88 €         | 2        |
| Corn 🌽                                    | 1.50 €         | 1        |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion: 5% off with code PROMO_5        |

---

| Total products: 8 |
| Total price: 11.71 € |

---

Possible API for the ShoppingCart

You could change this API this is only for example purposes.

Approach 1 passing objects as arguments could be DTO

public interface ShoppingCart {
public void addItem(Product product);
public void deleteItem(Product product);
public void applyDiscount(Discount discount)
public void printShoppingCart();
}

Approach 2 passing primitives as arguments

public interface ShoppingCart {
public void addItem(String productName);
public void deleteItem(String productName);
public void applyDiscount(Double discount)
public void printShoppingCart();
}

Approach 3 passing primitives as arguments and returning a DTO

public interface ShoppingCart {
public void addItem(String productName);
public void deleteItem(String productName);
public void applyDiscount(Double discount)
public ShoppingCartList getShoppingCart();
}

Disclaimer

    The graphic examples that you can see in the assignment are not there to be implemented if you don't want to. They are provided as a reference of how the shopping cart works

Commit message:

Add note to README regarding revenue -> margin rename (ubiquitous language :)

shopping_cart/README_shopping_cart.md, after:

This session involved a return to implementing an example mini-project / problem / "kata" called the Shopping Cart, focusing on correct use of TDD.
During the session I did this in pair programming with someone who used Deno, and I'm re-doing it by myself after the fact for practise purposes, as Deno looks very convenient to use for such sessions moving forward thanks to its fast setup.

I've decided to abstract away the given input patterns ("as a customer... i want to see my shopping cart") and output patterns (displaying results in a table) for the pure reason that while necessary in the real world I find these tedious for our purposes.
I will be writing tests that directly call the functions that would be called by the input parser, and which return a JSON that would be directly rendered by an output renderer.
I also find the use of "revenue" confusing as this would make sense for a final selling price, but instead it's being used to describe a margin of sorts, so I will be replacing this with "margin".

The kata was originally hosted at https://www.codurance.com/katas/shopping-cart-kata

As this URL is not guaranteed to stay, here is a copy of the page's content, comprising the remainder of this file.

# Shopping Cart Kata

What do we want to build?

We are building a shopping cart for an online grocery shop. The idea of this kata is to build the product in an iterative way.
Technical requirements

    The price per unit is calculated based on the product cost and the percentage of revenue that the company wants for that product.
    The price has to be rounded up; so if a price per unit calculated is 1.7825, then the expected price per unit for that product is 1.79
    The final price of the product is then calculated as the price per unit with the VAT rounded up.
    Products are not allowed to have the same name.

List of products
Name Cost % Revenue Price per unit Tax Final price
Iceberg 🥬 1.55 € 15 % 1,79 € Normal (21%) 2.17 €
Tomato 🍅 0.52 € 15 % 0.60 € Normal (21%) 0.73 €
Chicken 🍗 1.34 € 12 % 1.51 € Normal (21%) 1.83 €
Bread 🍞 0.71 € 12 % 0.80 € First necessity (10%) 0.88 €
Corn 🌽 1.21 € 12 % 1.36 € First necessity (10%) 1.50 €
List of discounts
Discounts code Amount
PROMO_5 5%
PROMO_10 10%

Use cases
List the shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to see my shopping cart

Empty cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion:                                 |

---

| Total products: 0 |
| Total price: 0.00 € |

---

Add product to shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Tomato  🍅 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Chicken 🍗 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Corn 🌽 to my shopping cart
    I want to see my shopping cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| Iceberg 🥬                                 | 2.17 €         | 1        |
| Tomato 🍅                                  | 0.73 €         | 1        |
| Chicken 🍗                                 | 1.83 €         | 1        |
| Bread 🍞                                   | 0.88 €         | 1        |
| Corn 🌽                                    | 1.50 €         | 1        |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion:                                 |

---

| Total products: 5 |
| Total price: 7.11 € |

---

Add product to shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Tomato  🍅 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Chicken 🍗 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Corn 🌽 to my shopping cart
    I want to see my shopping cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| Iceberg 🥬                                 | 2.17 €         | 3        |
| Tomato 🍅                                  | 0.73 €         | 1        |
| Chicken 🍗                                 | 1.83 €         | 1        |
| Bread 🍞                                   | 0.88 €         | 2        |
| Corn 🌽                                    | 1.50 €         | 1        |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion:                                 |

---

| Total products: 8 |
| Total price: 12.33 € |

---

Apply discount to the shopping cart

    As a customer
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Iceberg 🥬 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Tomato  🍅 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Chicken 🍗 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Bread 🍞 to my shopping cart
    I want to add Corn 🌽 to my shopping cart
    I want to apply my coupon code PROMO_5
    I want to see my shopping cart

---

| Product name                               | Price with VAT | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- | -------- |
| Iceberg 🥬                                 | 2.17 €         | 3        |
| Tomato 🍅                                  | 0.73 €         | 1        |
| Chicken 🍗                                 | 1.83 €         | 1        |
| Bread 🍞                                   | 0.88 €         | 2        |
| Corn 🌽                                    | 1.50 €         | 1        |
| ------------------------------------------ |
| Promotion: 5% off with code PROMO_5        |

---

| Total products: 8 |
| Total price: 11.71 € |

---

Possible API for the ShoppingCart

You could change this API this is only for example purposes.

Approach 1 passing objects as arguments could be DTO

public interface ShoppingCart {
public void addItem(Product product);
public void deleteItem(Product product);
public void applyDiscount(Discount discount)
public void printShoppingCart();
}

Approach 2 passing primitives as arguments

public interface ShoppingCart {
public void addItem(String productName);
public void deleteItem(String productName);
public void applyDiscount(Double discount)
public void printShoppingCart();
}

Approach 3 passing primitives as arguments and returning a DTO

public interface ShoppingCart {
public void addItem(String productName);
public void deleteItem(String productName);
public void applyDiscount(Double discount)
public ShoppingCartList getShoppingCart();
}

Disclaimer

    The graphic examples that you can see in the assignment are not there to be implemented if you don't want to. They are provided as a reference of how the shopping cart works
